README.md, before:

#Open Data

The City of Edinburgh Council gathers many types of data to help deliver and inform our work, and we want to make this available where possible to add value for work in communities, organisations and businesses. We hope that our data sharing may encourage innovation in the city, developing new approaches to delivering services and developing new systems to support the quality of life in Edinburgh.

We will be adding more data sets in the future and welcome suggestions from you if there is data you would like to see. It may not always be possible to share this right away, but we will do our best to make it available. Please contact opendata@edinburgh.gov.uk


##Disclaimer

Our data isn't perfect and may occasionally be out-of-date, contain inaccuracies, spelling mistakes or other errors. Please don't rely on the raw data for anything important. By all means please do help us improve it where it's needed; see the [how to contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines for information on how to contribute.


##Licence

Unless otherwise indicated our data is being offered under the [Open Government Licence v2.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/2/) which is copied verbatim in the [LICENCE.md](LICENCE.md) file of this repository.

Anybody who wishes to contribute is encouraged to do so, but by contributing they dedicate their work to the public domain and waive all rights to their contribution under the terms of the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).


[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/edinburghcouncil/datasets/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

Commit message:

Split out into and reference themed dataset repos

README.md, after:

#Open Data
The City of Edinburgh Council gathers many types of data to help deliver and inform our work, and we want to make this available where possible to add value for work in communities, organisations and businesses. We hope that our data sharing may encourage innovation in the city, developing new approaches to delivering services and developing new systems to support the quality of life in Edinburgh.

We will be adding more data sets in the future and welcome suggestions from you if there is data you would like to see. It may not always be possible to share this right away, but we will do our best to make it available. Please contact opendata@edinburgh.gov.uk

##Themes
Rather than have a full listing of all of our datasets in one repository, we have split the files across different themes in an attempt to better organise them.

* [Transport](https://github.com/edinburghcouncil/datasets-transport)
* [Health](https://github.com/edinburghcouncil/datasets-health)
* [Environment ](https://github.com/edinburghcouncil/datasets-environment)


##Disclaimer
Our data isn't perfect and may occasionally be out-of-date, contain inaccuracies, spelling mistakes or other errors. Please don't rely on the raw data for anything important. By all means please do help us improve it where it's needed; see the [how to contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines for information on how to contribute.


##Licence
Unless otherwise indicated our data is being offered under the [Open Government Licence v2.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/2/) which is copied verbatim in the [LICENCE.md](LICENCE.md) file of this repository.

Anybody who wishes to contribute is encouraged to do so, but by contributing they dedicate their work to the public domain and waive all rights to their contribution under the terms of the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
